#labels Featured
=== Is there a manual of sorts? ===

Yes, a comprehensive Writer's Tools manual is available in both printed and PDF formats at the [http://www.lulu.com/content/2115121 Lulu bookstore]. The manual covers all the important topics, which can help you to get the most out of the Writer's Tools !OpenOffice.org extension. It's easier to read, too.

=== I entered incorrect browser path. How do I fix that? ===

*On Windows XP with !OpenOffice.org 3.0* Navigate to _C:\Documents and Settings\USER\Application Data\!OpenOffice.org\3\user_ (replace _USER_ with your actual user name) and delete the writertools folder. On *Windows Vista* and *Windows 7*, the path is _C:\Users\USER\!AppData\Roaming\!OpenOffice.org\3\user_. Next time you use Writer's Tools, you'll be prompted to enter the path to a browser.

*On Linux with !OpenOffice.org 3.0* Navigate to the hidden !OpenOffice.org folder in your home directory and delete the writertools folder. Next time you use Writer's Tools, you'll be prompted to enter the path to a browser.

=== I installed the downloaded archive, but the extension doesn't work. Am I doing something wrong? ===

Yes. You have to unpack the downloaded archive first, and then install the !WriterTools.oxt extension using the Extension Manager.

=== I'm using Writer's Tools on Windows Vista. Is there anything I should know? ===

It seems that !OpenOffice.org Basic doesn't support Windows Vista native dialogs. Fortunately, this problem is easy to fix. In !OpenOffice.org, choose Tools -> Options and navigate to !OpenOffice.org -> General. Tick the _Use !OpenOffice.org dialogs_ check box. That should do the trick.


=== Does Writer's Tools work with Mac OS X? ===

It should, but I haven't tested it. If you encounter a bug or a problem on Mac OS X, make sure to report them in the [http://code.google.com/p/writertools/issues/list Issues] sections.

=== Where do I get help with Writer's Tools? ===

If you have questions, problems, or ideas how to improve Writer's Tools, post them in the [http://groups.google.com/group/writertools Writer's Tools Google Group]. If you think you've found a bug, report it in the [http://code.google.com/p/writertools/issues/list Issues] section.

=== Is it possible to install only the tools I need ===

Not really. But you can use the [http://extensions.services.openoffice.org/project/bookmarksmenu Bookmarks Menu] extension to bookmark often-used tools.

=== How do I contact the author? ===

Send me an email at dmpop AT openoffice DOT org. You can also follow me on Twitter (http://twitter.com/dmpop) or Identi.ca (http://identi.ca/dmpop).